docs: security hardening info for actions untrusted content (#38048)
github/docs: content/enterprise-onboarding/github-actions-for-your-enterprise/security-hardening-for-github-actions.md

PR title did not start with 'octocat'
```

> With this approach, the value of the {% raw %}`${{ github.event.pull_request.title }}`{% endraw %} expression is stored in memory and used as a variable, and doesn't interact with the script generation process. In addition, consider using double quote shell variables to avoid [word splitting](https://github.com/koalaman/shellcheck/wiki/SC2086), but this is [one of many](https://mywiki.wooledge.org/BashPitfalls) general recommendations for writing shell scripts, and is not specific to {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}.

Reviewer: Thanks for catching this!

To help mitigate the risk of an exposed token, consider restricting the assigned permissions. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#modifying-the-permissions-for-the-github_token).

## Understanding the risks of untrusted code checkout

> Untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers actions processing can also pose a security risk. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/reference/security/secure-use).

Reviewer 2: This is a reminder to myself to ask how to properly format this autotitle for versioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers actions processing can pose a security risk. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/enterprise-cloud@latest/actions/reference/security/secure-use#mitigating-the-risks-of-untrusted-code-checkout) in the {% data variables.product.prodname_ghe_cloud %} documentation.
```

Good call—in this case, this would be the best bet. I've also suggested removing the word "also" as I don't think it's necessary here.

To help mitigate the risk of an exposed token, consider restricting the assigned permissions. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#modifying-the-permissions-for-the-github_token).

## Understanding the risks of untrusted code checkout

> Similar to script injection attacks, untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers Actions processing can also pose a security risk. The `pull_request_target` and `workflow_run` workflow triggers, when used with the checkout of an untrusted pull request, expose the repository to security compromises. These workflows are privileged (i.e. they share the same cache of the main branch with other privileged workflow triggers, may have repository write access and access to referenced secrets), which can be exploited to take over a repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to script injection attacks, untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers actions processing can also pose a security risk. The `pull_request_target` and `workflow_run` workflow triggers, when used with the checkout of an untrusted pull request, expose the repository to security compromises. These workflows are privileged (i.e. they share the same cache of the main branch with other privileged workflow triggers, may have repository write access and access to referenced secrets), which can be exploited to take over a repository.
```

> Similar to script injection attacks, untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers actions processing can also pose a security risk. The `pull_request_target` and `workflow_run` workflow triggers, when used with the checkout of an untrusted pull request, expose the repository to security compromises. These workflows are privileged (i.e. they share the same cache of the main branch with other privileged workflow triggers, may have repository write access and access to referenced secrets), which can be exploited to take over a repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Untrusted pull request content that automatically triggers actions processing can also pose a security risk. For more information, see [AUTOTITLE](/actions/reference/security/secure-use).
```

Instead of having all this information in two places, we're going to link back to the security article. Looking into this actually made me realize that a bunch of the information in this article is duplicated from that one, and so I'm going to have to open a separate PR to edit down a lot of it and insert links to the appropriate sections of the other article.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Review the [`pull_request_target` trigger documentation](/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-when-your-workflow-runs/events-that-trigger-workflows#pull_request_target) and the [`workflow_run` trigger documentation](/actions/writing-workflows/choosing-when-your-workflow-runs/events-that-trigger-workflows#workflow-run) for more information on these triggers, how to use them, and the risks associated with them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> For additional explanation, examples, and guidance on the risks of untrusted code checkout, see [Keeping your {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and workflows secure: Preventing pwn requests](https://securitylab.github.com/research/github-actions-preventing-pwn-requests/) from {% data variables.product.prodname_security %} and the [Dangerous Workflow check documentation](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard/blob/main/docs/checks.md#dangerous-workflow) from OpenSSF Scorecard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ## Good practices for mitigating untrusted code checkout risks

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> There are a number of different approaches available to help you mitigate the risk of untrusted code checkout in Actions workflows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are a number of different approaches available to help you mitigate the risk of untrusted code checkout in actions workflows:
```

> There are a number of different approaches available to help you mitigate the risk of untrusted code checkout in actions workflows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Avoid potentially dangerous workflow triggers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Avoid using the `pull_request_target` workflow trigger if not necessary. Prefer using `workflow_run` for privilege separation between workflows as described in [Keeping your {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and workflows secure: Preventing pwn requests](https://securitylab.github.com/research/github-actions-preventing-pwn-requests). Only use these workflow triggers when the workflow actually needs the privileged context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Do not use the `pull_request_target` and `workflow_run` workflow triggers with untrusted content

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Avoid using the `pull_request_target` and `workflow_run` workflow triggers with untrusted pull requests or code content. Workflows that use these triggers must not explicitly checkout untrusted code, including from pull request forks or from repositories that are not under your control. Workflows triggered on `workflow_run` should treat artifacts uploaded from other workflows with caution (i.e. as untrusted).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Use CodeQL to detect potentially vulnerable workflows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> [CodeQL](/code-security/code-scanning/introduction-to-code-scanning/about-code-scanning-with-codeql) can scan and detect potentially vulnerable {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} workflows. [Configure the default setup for CodeQL](/code-security/code-scanning/enabling-code-scanning/configuring-default-setup-for-code-scanning) for the repository and ensure that {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} scanning is enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ### Use OpenSSF Scorecards to detect potentially vulnerable workflows

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> [OpenSSF Scorecards](#use-openssf-scorecards-to-detect-potentially-vulnerable-workflows) can help you identify potentially vulnerable workflows, along with other security risks when using {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
